crypto: cleanup tmhash package (#8434)
tendermint/tendermint: UPGRADING.md

- `tendermint reset unsafe-all`: A summation of the other three commands. This will delete
  the entire `data` directory which may include application data as well.

### Go API Changes

#### `crypto` Package Cleanup

> The `crypto/tmhash` package was removed to improve clarity. In
> general, users are encouraged to use the `sha256` package directly,
> however, as a convenience, some constants and one function have moved
> to the `crypto` package:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `github.com/tendermint/tendermint/crypto/tmhash` package was removed
to improve clarity. Users are encouraged to use the standard library
`crypto/sha256` package directly. However, as a convenience, some constants
and one function have moved to the Tendermint `crypto` package:
```

To be clear about whose `crypto` we mean.

the node service as in the following:

```go

> 	node := node.NewDefault() //construct the node object
> 	// start and set up the node service

Reviewer: Since we're in here cleaning anyway
```suggestion
logger := log.NewNopLogger()

// Construct and start up a node with default settings.
node := node.NewDefault(logger)
```

> 	client := local.New(node.(local.NodeService))
> 	// use client object to interact with the node

Reviewer: As above (split because GitHub):

```suggestion
// Construct a local (in-memory) RPC client to the node.
client := local.New(logger, node.(local.NodeService))
```

It's pre-existing but regrettable that we forced clients to type-assert here.
